= Nested Form

A Rails plugin to conveniently manage multiple nested models in a single form. It does so in an unobtrusive way through jQuery.

This is in early development, so some of this documentation is not yet applicable.

== Install

This is currently only available as a plugin.

  rails plugin install git://github.com/ryanb/nested_form.git


== Usage

When installing this plugin it will add a file at public/javascripts/nested_form.js which should be included after jQuery. Either byt directly including them in your layout

  <%= javascript_include_tag 'jquery', 'nested_form' %>

Or alternatively you can set the application defaults in config/application.rb

  config.action_view.javascript_expansions[:defaults] = %w(jquery nested_form rails)

You can then generate a nested form using the nested_form_for helper method.

  <%= nested_form_for @project do |f| %>

Use this form just like normal, including the fields_for helper method for nesting models. The benefit of this plugin comes from the link_to_add and link_to_remove helper methods on the form builder.

  <%= f.fields_for :tasks do |task_form| %>
    <%= task_form.text_field :name %>
    <%= task_form.link_to_remove "Remove this task" %>
  <% end %>
  <%= f.link_to_add "Add a task", :tasks %>

This generates links which dynamically add and remove fields.


== Partials

It is often desirable to move the nested fields into a partial to keep things organized. If you don't supply a block to fields_for it will look for a partial and use that.

  <%= f.fields_for :tasks %>

In this case it will look for a partial called "task_fields" and pass the form builder as an f variable to it.


== Special Thanks

This plugin is based on the solution by Tim Riley in his complex-form-examples fork.

http://github.com/timriley/complex-form-examples/tree/unobtrusive-jquery-deep-fix2
